// bala penetrando uma parede de concreto ou carros colidindo
// inteligencia de enxames PSO
/*
The simulation should be visually interesting and informative.

It needs to look and behave right.

Try to add unique objects for Newtonian collision problems instead of plain geometric shapes.

Add color gradients, nice color palettes, lighting sources, shadows, interaction effects, background details, etc.

Add animated plots or real time data displays to better show the physics.
*/

Prompt: Create a 2D physics simulation involving a 9mm bullet that penetrates a 10cm concrete wall. Let me interact by changing the bullet's velocity and the wall thickness.

Create a 2D JavaScript physics simulation using matter.js involving a 9mm bullet that penetrates a 30cm concrete wall. Give me a minigame where i can interact by changing the bullet's velocity and the wall thickness. 

  <script src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/matter-js@0.19.0/build/matter.min.js"></script>

  Create a 2D JavaScript physics simulation using matter.js involving a 9mm bullet that penetrates a 30cm concrete wall. Give me a minigame where i can interact by changing the bullet's velocity and the wall thickness.
All code for this project should use matter.js, and be contained in a single HTML file using ES modules via import maps.

Create a 2D JavaScript physics simulation using matter.js involving a 9mm bullet that penetrates a 30cm concrete wall. Consider the distance between both objects of 10 meters, and for any other constants use a standard value. Use the Energy-based Model. 
Simulate the penetration by making the bullet go in/through the wall without visually destroying it;
Give me a minigame where i can interact by changing the bullet's velocity and the wall thickness. 
All code for this project should use matter.js, and be contained in a single HTML file using ES modules via import maps.

Create a 2D JavaScript physics simulation involving a 9mm bullet that penetrates a 30cm concrete wall. Make the simulation obey the physics principles. Consider the distance between both objects of 10 meters, and for any other constants use a standard value. Use the Energy-based Model. 
Simulate the penetration by making the bullet go inside/through the wall without visually destroying it;
Give me a minigame where i can interact by changing the bullet's velocity and the wall thickness. 
All code for this project should use matter.js or p5.js, and be contained in a single HTML file using ES modules via import maps.

